Deprecate short-typed wait/test & update tables to std AMO (#3)
naveen-rn/specification: content/shmem_test.tex

int @\FuncDecl{shmem\_test}@(TYPE *ivar, int cmp, TYPE cmp_value);
\end{C11synopsis}

> where \TYPE{} is one of the point-to-point synchronization types specified by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where \TYPE{} is one of the standard \ac{AMO} types specified by
```

Table \ref{stdamotypes}.

\begin{Csynopsis}
int @\FuncDecl{shmem\_\FuncParam{TYPENAME}\_test}@(TYPE *ivar, int cmp, TYPE cmp_value);
\end{Csynopsis}

> where \TYPE{} is one of the point-to-point synchronization types and has a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where \TYPE{} is one of the standard \ac{AMO} types and has a
```
